Revisions based on the review by John F. Gibson (#21)
trixi-framework/paper-2021-juliacon: paper/paper.tex

  \end{itemize}
\end{itemize}

Currently, \trixi provides shared-memory parallelization via multithreading.

> Distributed-memory parallelization with MPI is available for some mesh types;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initial parallelization with MPI is available for some mesh types,
```

Author: e00517c

> Distributed-memory parallelization with MPI is available for some mesh types
> but still work in progress.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Distributed-memory parallelization with MPI is available for some mesh types;
increasing the capability of this feature is subject to ongoing work.
```

I am not 100% happy with this rewording but the original sounded awkward.

Reviewer: Maybe something in this direction?
```suggestion
Initial parallelization with MPI is available for some mesh types,
but full support for distributed-memory parallelism is subject to ongoing work.
```
But what @andrewwinters5000 wrote sounds good to me too.

> increasing the capability of this feature is subject to ongoing work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
but full support for distributed-memory parallelism is subject to ongoing work.
```

hyperbolic PDE in three space dimensions on curvilinear hexahedral meshes.

For the problem setup we consider a periodic box of the domain $[-1,1]^3$ with four elements in each
spatial direction. This results in $64 (\text{\lstinline{polydeg}}+1)^3$ degrees

> of freedom (DG nodes) when polynomials of degree \lstinline{polydeg} are used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of freedom (DG nodes) per equation when polynomials of degree \lstinline{polydeg} are used.
```

To make the mesh curvilinear, the interior of the box is heavily warped by
a mapping adapted from \cite{chan2019efficient}.

> Specifically, we map Cartesian reference coordinates $(\xi, \eta, \zeta)$ to

Author: f3f2b20
